"STELLA"



Bondman's Comrade: Impossible... All of our pursuers are...



Bondman: Let's go back to our hideout and regroup.



Bondman: I have a bad feeling about this.



Bondman's Comrade: No way... Bondman, this can't be happening!



Bondman: I can't believe this! Hey, hey! Wake up!



Loid: Hey, Anya.



Anya: Anya is busy right now.



Bondman: This is just awful.



Anya: No! I don't wanna study!



Loid: Now, hold on.



Loid: We made a deal. You agreed to start studying at  PM.



Anya: You demon! Papa is a demon!



Loid: Operation Strix, Phase ...



Loid: In order to attend the target's social gathering,



Loid: I need to make sure my daughter Anya becomes an Imperial Scholar.



Loid: For her to achieve that, she will need to get good grades



Loid: and receive Stellas.



PROVERBS



Loid: How many times do I have to tell you?



Loid: That's supposed to be an "E," not an "A."



Yor: B-But, Loid-san, her math score here is pretty good.



Yor: Well done, Anya-san.



Anya: He has two-eighths of his b*ll*ts left!



Loid: Is this because of her cartoon?



Loid: Oh, that's right.



Loid: This proverb is the same one Bondman was saying in episode .



Anya: I forgot...



Loid: Well, remember!



Loid: You know, it's the episode where the guy with the sideburns appeared.



Anya: I just happened to mess up my mind-reading cheat on this test.



Anya: From now on, I'm gonna spend a lot of time



Sign: Good at:  ??



Anya: trying to figure out which classmate is good at what subject.



Anya: And then I will definitely get perfect scores,



Anya: no problem.



Anya: I tried sounding like Papa.



Loid: It would be easy to make her every score an A+ by using backdoor methods.



Loid: But if she suddenly scores that high,



Loid: the school and those around her will become suspicious.



Loid: In order to make this all seem as natural as possible,



Loid: I need to nurture her basic knowledge.



Loid: If she ends up being shunned by her classmates, it may affect her life at school.



Loid: I can't have her not wanting to go to school.



Anya: If I read everyone's minds to get s, they'll all hate me?



Adult A: Hey, how do you even know that?



Adult B: You creepy little witch!



Loid: I guess forcing her to study too much might be a bit rough on her.



Loid: If her motivation remains low, her concentration won't improve,



Loid: so she'll have a lesser chance of learning.



Loid: A change of pace is also important.



Loid: There are ways of earning Stella besides academics.



Loid: Right, then.



Loid: Why don't we take a break from studying and draw?



Loid: For example, art.



Loid: Hey, that looks really cool!



Loid: Is it a cheetah? No, wait...



Loid: I bet it's a panda!



Anya: It's a moo cow. The one that was at school.



Loid: For example, music!



Loid: This is a violin for children.



Loid: There's always sports!



Anya: Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!



Loid: Come on, don't cry.



Loid: Stay calm, Twilight.



Loid: A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.



Loid: She's still in first grade.



Loid: I need to figure out what she has a talent for and help her excel in it.



Yor: Why don't we do some jump rope?



Yor: It's a lot of fun.



Loid: Right. Don't panic.



Loid: It's not like Desmond is immediately going to make his move.



Loid: It takes an incredible amount of time to begin a w*r.



Loid: But...



Handler: HQ was estimating that she'd be able to receive eight Stella in about four months.



Loid: Do we actually have that much time?



Anya: Papa...



Anya: Anya will do her best.



Anya: Now untie me.



Loid: Uh, right.



Loid: Anya.



Loid: Why don't we go out tomorrow?



Anya: An ooting?



Loid: Academics, the arts, sports...



Loid: But there is actually one other way to earn Stella.



Loid: Community service.



Head Nurse: Thank you so much for agreeing to volunteer at our hospital today.



Head Nurse: I will now go over the duties we'll be asking you to perform.



Head nurse: We will have you split up into your families to perform your duties.



Loid: In the past, there have been many cases where students



Loid: did long-term volunteer work to earn their Stella.



Loid: Rescuing others or helping apprehend criminals



Loid: were also methods a few used to earn Stella, but rare.



Loid: We could use more personnel from HQ to act out these scenarios,



Loid: but considering the risks that could entail, we won't be able to easily pull that off.



Head nurse: That is what we will be expecting from all of you.



Loid: Even if she isn't immediately able to receive any Stella,



Loid: it would be beneficial to Anya to learn the importance of community service.



Head nurse: Now, if I can have the Forgers clean this dressing room.



Anya: There's a pool!



Loid: Yes, for physical therapy.



Head nurse: Maybe cleaning was a bit difficult for you.



Head nurse: Then let's have you organize books in the library.



Nurse A: Excuse me, sir, could you do something about... that?



Nurse A: Could you go work somewhere else?



Anya: Anya is bored with chores.



Anya: I wanna do the job where I give the doctors their scalpels.



Loid: Huh?



Anya: I'mma go to the operating room!



Loid: Hey! Stop that! Come back here!



Head nurse: We've had enough of your "help"! Please leave!



Anya: Papa, I'm sorry.



Loid: Don't worry about it. Everyone fails sometimes.



Loid: But what do we do if our chances of earning Stella through community service also dry up?



Ken: Hey, is physical therapy hard?



Female swim instructor: It is,



Female swim instructor: but you need to work hard so that you can run again.



Ken: Man...



Male swim instructor: Three more minutes.



Ken: Hey, is the water in the pool cold?



Female swim instructor: Don't worry about that. Go on, get changed.



Female swim instructor: I'll go get changed, too.



Male swim instructor: All right, one, two. One, two. One, two.



Ken: I wonder if that's the adult pool...



Male swim instructor: Focus on your toes.



Male swim instructor: One, two. One, two. One, two. One, two.



Ken: Man... it really is kinda cold.



Male swim instructor: You're almost there! One, two. One, two.



Female swim instructor: Ken?



Female swim instructor: Huh? Is he still changing?



Loid: Hmm... I might have to ask HQ to reconsider our game plan.



Ken: C-Can't... breathe...



Ken: My legs... won't move...



Anya: The pool!



Anya: Papa!



Loid: What is it? You just went to the bathroom, didn't you?



Anya: Someone's drowning in the pool!



Loid: What?! How do you know that?



Loid: Exactly who are you?!



Ken: Help me... Help me...



Anya: Papa...



Anya: Anya is terrible at volunteering.



Anya: So I...



Anya: I'm gonna become a pro swimmer and get stars,



Anya: so I'm gonna go practice in the pool!



Loid: What?! Come back here! That's not a public pool!



Female swim instructor: Ken!



Female swim instructor: He must've snuck out.



Female swim instructor: Hey!



Female swim instructor: Where are your parents?



Anya: Wow! The pool! How fun!



Patient A: What's that about?



Anya: Where is the drowning person?



Ken: I'm...



Ken: I'm... gonna die...



Female swim instructor: What are you doing, little girl?!



Anya: Anya... can't... anymore...



Loid: Hey, are you two all right?



Female swim instructor: Ken!



Anya: Papa...



Female swim instructor: Someone get a doctor!



Anya: I tried to swim and found this boy sinking.



Female swim instructor: Ken!



Female swim instructor: Are you all right?



Female swim instructor: Ken!



Loid: Calm down, miss.



Male swim instructor: Is everything okay?



Female swim instructor: Ken! Ken!



Patient A: But there were so many people around.



Patient B: Did you hear anything?



Female swim instructor: I'm so sorry! I had no idea you were drowning!



Loid: It was a drowning response.



Loid: Children tend to drown more quietly than you would expect.



Loid: Many die because no one notices they're drowning.



Loid: Please make sure you keep your eye on him.



Loid: And good job for noticing.



Anya: I saw bubbles.



Loid: And you should be careful, too.



Female swim instructor: Thank you! Thank you!



Patient B: Well done, little girl!



Instructor: First-year student from the Cecile Dorm, Anya Forger,



Instructor: has earned a Stella for rescuing a boy.



Becky: You're amazing, Anya!



Becky: You're the first of the first graders to get one!



Becky: I'm so proud of you for some reason.



Henry: Ultra-amazingly elegant, Miss Forger.



Becky: Well done, Anya!



Damian: She beat me.



Yor: You're amazing, Miss Anya! Truly amazing!



Yor: I'm so happy for you!



Loid: She unexpectedly earned a Stella.



Loid: An excellent result,



Loid: but how do I describe this?



Loid: It's similar to how I feel when I've thwarted a t*rror1st attack.



Loid: I'm so proud of her.



Loid: Well done.



Anya: Anya's powers actually helped someone?



Anya: Eheh!



Yor: All right, then. I'm going to make you a feast today.



Anya: Anya wants Papa to cook.



Stella needed to become an Imperial Scholar:  Tonitrus Bolts until expulsion:  Everyone's respect:  +



Yor: Shock!



Handler: I heard that your daughter earned a Stella, Agent Twilight.



Loid: Yes, Handler. She somehow managed it.



Handler: Couldn't we set things up with other agents



Handler: to fake whatever you need to get the other Stella?



Loid: People would get suspicious.



Loid: More importantly, we can't take risks that could potentially



Loid: expose the identities of other agents or get them arrested.



Handler: Yes, you've got a point.



Loid: Is HQ panicking a bit?



Handler: No.



Handler: But there are numerous businesses surrounding Desmond



Handler: that seem to be engaging in shady financial dealings lately.



Handler: We can't be too laid back in this situation.



Handler: Try to make contact with Desmond immediately.



Handler: Give your daughter some candy or something to get her motivated.



Girl student A: Morning!



Girl student B: Did you see that thing yesterday?



Boy student A: I forgot my homework!



Anya: Heh.



Boy student A: Hey, is that her? The girl from Class  that suddenly got a Stella?



Boy student B: Apparently it's a new record.



Girl student A: I heard she rescued someone.



Anya: This star is just so brilliant that I stand out now.



Boy student A: Really?



Anya: Heh.



Becky: Good morning, Anya!



Anya: Tsk, tsk, tsk.



Anya: Call me "Starlight Anya."



Becky: Uh... Sure.



Becky: You're totally like a celebrity now.



Becky: Everyone looks up to you.



Becky: You might even make a hundred friends!



Anya as Damian: Bam!



Anya as Damian: I totally see you in a new light, Miss Anya! Be my friend!



Anya as Damian: You should totally come over to my place with your dad!



Anya as Loid: Bam!



Anya as Loid: Well done, Anya! The mission is now a success!



Narrator: And so the world was at peace.



Damian: Don't get a big head.



Becky: What's their problem? Ugh! They make me so mad!



Anya: That didn't go as planned. The world is in peril.



Becky: Let's go, Anya.



Becky: Let's go, Starlight Anya.



Anya: Yup.



Becky: Ugh, what a pain.



Boy student C: Ha. That's hilarious.



Boy student D: Who does she think she is?



Boy student D: She keeps showing off her stupid badge.



Boy student C: Who actually comes to school wearing it?



Girl student C: Who would believe such a violent girl actually rescued someone?



Girl student D: They say she saved a kid from drowning,



Girl student D: but she probably kicked him in and let him sink herself.



Girl student C: Oh, I could totally see that!



Girl student D: What if she actually paid the school a bunch of money for her Stella?



Girl student E: What? She doesn't look {/i}that{/i} rich to me.



Anya: Shock...



Becky: Don't even worry about it. They're all just jealous.



Girl student F: Hey, Damian. Wouldn't you agree?



Girl student G: She totally cheated, didn't she?



Damian: Do you really think we go to some third-rate school



Damian: that would hand out Stella by mistake?Or because someone was being underhanded?



Damian: Is that what you think?



Girl student F: Uh, no...



Damian: If you've got a problem with our school,



Damian: why don't you take the transfer exam for another one?



Ewen: He's so manly at times like this.



Emile: Gosh, he's cool.



Damian: The fact that she didn't cheat is why I'm so mad that this little shrimp got ahead of me.



Becky: Maybe he's more earnest than he looks.



Instructor: Let's begin class.



Becky: By the way,



Becky: have you decided what your reward's going to be,



Becky: An—Starlight Anya?



Anya: Reward?



Becky: Of course! Whenever you work really hard on tests or contests,



Becky: you're supposed to get a reward.



Anya: You mean I can get peanuts?



Becky: Come on, you should ask for something way more expensive.



Becky: After the test we had the other day,



Becky: I got them to buy me a cute little dress and a tiara!



Becky: But I mean...



Becky: I guess they haven't given me that much.



Anya: Is your family part of a secret organization that pulls the world's strings?



Becky: What are you talking about? They run a perfectly legitimate company.



Anya: Then Anya wants a castle.



Becky: That might be asking for too much.



Becky: Where would you even put it?



Anya: Then...



Anya: A year's worth of peanuts?



Becky: That shouldn't be a problem at all, but is that really what you want?



Anya: Rewards are difficult.



Becky: Well... I think the reward that made me the happiest is my little Wiesel.



Becky: Oh, that's my puppy! It's the cutest!



Becky: Come here, Weezy!



Anya: Mister Dog?



Anya: Do you have a dog, too, Second Son?



Damian: Huh? A dog?



Becky: What are you asking that jerk for?



Damian: Max!



Damian: Who cares?



Damian: Don't talk to me!



Anya: Anya has a doggy now, too.



Anya as Damian: All right! Let's see who's cuter, yours or my Max!



Anya as Damian: Bring it over to my place! And your dad, too!



Anya as Donovan: Well, hello, Mr. Forger.



Anya as Loid: Let's stop this w*r, Mr. Desmond.



Narrator: And so the world was at peace.



Anya: Heh.



Loid: You want a dog... as a reward?



Anya: Mm-hm.



Anya: Having a dog will bring peace.



Loid: Peace? Like peace of mind?



Loid: Hmm... Well, I was thinking of buying you something.



Yor: Miss Anya...



Yor: Taking care of a living creature requires a lot of work.



Yor: It is a very big responsibility!



Anya: Responsibility...



Loid: A dog, huh? Yeah...



Loid: Let's discuss this a bit further.



Yor: Loid...



Anya: Papa!



Loid: A properly trained dog may prove useful in securing this house.



Yor: Dogs are so violent, though.



Yor: I'm so terribly worried that one might rip Miss Anya to shreds.



Anya: Anya would like a cute puppy, please, Papa.



Anya: A tiny one.



Loid: Huh? Sure, all right.



Loid: Ah, well. I'm sure we can find a small dog that's still capable.



Loid: I'll see if HQ can get us one later.



Loid: All right. Why don't we go to a pet shop this weekend?



Smuggler A: We get a buyer yet?



Smuggler B: Things are pretty tough right now.



Smuggler B: We got some punks who think they're revolutionaries.



Smuggler A: What, they gonna use 'em as b*mb dogs?



Smuggler A: These little guys sure have it rough,



Smuggler A: getting tinkered with just so they can end up as toys for some humans.



Smuggler B: Shut up! If you want food, quit yer yappin'!



Smuggler A: They sure don't look that smart.



Smuggler A: Do Numbers Three and Five look weaker to you?



Smuggler B: Hell if I know. Who cares?



Smuggler A: God, it always reeks in here.



Smuggler B: Yeah, let's get the hell outta here.



Anya: Anya wants this one...



Anya: Or this one!



Yor: Oh, thank goodness. They look very weak.



PENGUIN PARK