Diplomat: How much longer to the embassy?



Driver: I believe it'll be around  minutes, sir.



Driver: Huh?



Driver: The brake's not working.



Diplomat: Hey, you! Up front! Look up front!



Member A: One of our diplomats perished in a car accident in Ostania.



Member A: But we believe it to be an assassination by the East's far-right political party.



Member A: They are plotting a w*r against our nation of Westalis.



Member A: We must do everything we can to figure out their plan.



Member B: Let's let him take care of it.



The best agent we have.



"Twilight."



Here's the goods I promised.



Proof that the foreign minister wears a toupee.



I even have the negatives.



Fake Edgar: Well done.



Fake Edgar: Now we can force him to resign.



Fake Edgar: I look forward to doing business with you again.



Edgar: Hey.



Edgar: How about you hand over the goods now?



Huh? Wha—But you just—



He got me!



Narrator: Code name:  Twilight.



Narrator: A spy.



Narrator: In an era in which the nations of the world were waging a fierce w*r



Narrator: of information just out of sight,



Narrator: this man survived that b*ttlefield by being



Narrator: a master of disguise, a man with a hundred faces.



Karen: So Daddy's been in such a bad mood lately because someone



Karen: stole his toupee pictures, or something.



Karen: What even? Ugh, I'm so mad.



Karen: Hello? Are you even listening, Robert?



Twilight: Hm? Yes, that's rather unfortunate.



Karen: So, Robert... Do you think one day we'll also—



Twilight: Karen, let's break up.



Karen: What?!



Twilight: I'm afraid I can't sense any intelligence in your conversations.



Twilight: Farewell. May you find happiness.



Karen: Hey, Robert! Wait! You can't just do that to me!



Karen: Robert!



Twilight: Sorry, Karen, but I have no further use for your family.



Twilight: As of tonight, I'm also done withthe mask known as Robert.



Twilight: Marriage? Conventional happiness?



Twilight: I got rid of those aspirations, as well as my identity, the day I became a spy.



Contact: Meow.



Twilight: Must be Cipher C.



Train Announcer: The train bound for Berlint is now departing from track .



Chief: Good day, or perhaps, good evening, Twilight.



Chief: Well done on your last mission.



Chief: Thanks to you, the minister lived another day, to the great benefit of our country.



Chief: Now, then, I have your next mission.



Chief: Your target is the leader of the National Unity Party, Donovan Desmond.



Chief: He is a great threat to the truce between the East and the West.



Chief: Your mission is to get close to him and probe any seditious activities.



Chief: In order to achieve this,



Chief: you will get married and have a child.



Twilight: Sorry, what?!



Chief: Desmond is an extremely cautious man who rarely appears in public.



Chief: He only appears at social gatherings held at the elite private school his son attends.



Chief: These events are informal get-togethers for the upper echelon of industrial and political leaders.



Chief: You will have your child enroll in this school



Chief: and infiltrate one of the social gatherings.



Chief: The enrollment deadline is drawing near, meaning you have one week to pull this off.



Twilight: You expect me to produce a child within seven days?!



Twilight: Please excuse me.



Chief: Operation Strix.



Chief: This operation is the key to maintaining peace between East and West...



Chief: and perhaps, the world.



Chief: Hero who casts no shadow,



Chief: the great deeds you and your fellow agents do shall never see the light of day.



Chief: You will never earn any medals nor make it into the papers.



Chief: Even so...



Chief: Never forget that everyone else's day-to-day lives are possible



Chief: because of your blood, sweat, and tears.



Twilight: Very well.



Twilight: I abandoned my identity when I became Twilight.



Twilight: I will play the part of a father with a child if I must,



Twilight: for the sake of a better world.



sign___OPERATION_STRIX,Sign: {\pos(,)\fad(,)}OPERATION {\fs}STRIX



Real estate agent: This is one of our single-family apartments.



Real estate agent: The unit comes furnished, includes central air conditioning and heating, and...



Real estate agent: Um... Sir?



Loid: No wiretaps detected, and there are securable escape routes.



Loid: I'll take it.



Real estate agent: Excellent, Mr. Forger. Now, if you'd sign these documents...



Loid: Loid Forger. Occupation:  psychiatrist.



Loid: That's my new life.



Loid: With a family I love and a happy home life...



Real estate agent: How nice that you and your family are moving into a new home.



Real estate agent: Do you have a boy or a girl?



Loid: Ah, well...



Loid: I'll be deciding on that soon.



Real estate agent: Huh?



Loid: What an absolute burden for a spy.



Orphanage Director: Huh? You wanna adopt?



Loid: Indeed. I heard that your orphanage was looking for candidates.



Loid: You see, my wife and I—



Orphanage Director: Yeah, sure. Take whichever one you want.



Orphanage Director: Come on in.



Loid: What a terrible environment.



Loid: But the shadier the establishment,



Loid: the more likely these children have complicated pasts,



Loid: so it'll be easier to alter their stories.



Loid: I can make this mission work if I have a child.



Loid: I would've preferred to handle it all on my own,



Loid: but I can't exactly disguise myself as a child,



Loid: no matter how skilled a spy I am.



Loid: Pardon me. If possible, I'd like a child who can read and write.



Orphanage Director: Well, in that case...



Orphanage director: Hey, Anya.



Orphanage Director: She's the smartest one we've got.



Orphanage Director: She don't talk much, but she's a good kid.



Orphanage Director: She's a creepy, disgusting little brat.



Orphanage Director: I'd be thrilled to get her outta my hair.



Orphanage Director: Go on. Say hello.



Loid: Er... Pardon me.



Loid: If I recall, the earliest age students can enter Eden College is six.



Loid: She definitely looks no older than four or five.



Anya: Six.



Anya: I'm six!



Orphanage Director: You're six years old?



Loid: But she's so small...



Loid: Hm? The paper?



Loid: A crossword puzzle?



Loid: That's probably too difficult for a child.



Loid: Of course, for myself, it's mere child's play.



Loid: One down is "homeostasis."



Loid: One across is "causal closure."



Loid: The one below that is "symplectomorphism."



Loid: She completed it? Seriously?



Loid: Such unbelievable intellect.



Loid: She should have no problem passing the entrance exam.



Loid: I'll take her.



Loid: As for the paperwork...



Orphanage Director: Don't worry about that. Just take her already.



Loid: My mission to end up with a child is a success.



Loid: Everything's going so well that it's making me nervous.



Loid: Are you okay with this?



Anya: A spy... mission...



Anya: So exciting!



Narrator: This little girl happened to be a telepath.



Narrator: Test Subject .



Narrator: She possessed the ability to read people's minds.



Narrator: She was unintentionally created in an experiment by a certain organization,



Narrator: and she later fled their facility.



Narrator: She has been wandering around looking for someone to take care of her.



Loid: Now, listen, little girl.



Anya: Anya.



Loid: Now, listen, Anya.



Loid: Starting today, you will be my daughter,



Loid: but if anyone asks, you've always been my daughter.



Loid: Got it?



Anya: Yep.



Loid: Make sure you address me as "Father."



Anya: Papa!



Loid: Very well.



Neighbor: Well, aren't you a cute little girl? Hello there.



Loid: We're the Forgers. We just moved in today.



Anya: I am Anya. I have been Papa's child for a very long time.



Loid: That wasn't necessary.



Loid: Come on, let's go inside.



Anya: This is Anya's house?



Loid: Yes.



Anya: A TV!



Loid: Go ahead and turn it on.



TV Announcer: Spy Wars, an adventure cartoon!



Anya: I like this show.



Loid: Of all things...



Bondman: A g*n with a sil*ncer?



Anya: So exciting.



Bondman: You're a professional!



Loid: First, I'll have to gather everything we'll need.



Bondman: I will be taking back that b*mb.



Loid: And I'll have to forge an ID for her.



Bondman: Anyone who gets in my way will regret it.



Loid: I'm going out for a bit.



Loid: Just sit there and watch your show.



Bondman: Out of my way!



Anya: An adventure!



Loid: I'm not going on an adventure. I'm just going shopping.



Anya: I want a p*stol with a sil*ncer!



Loid: Sure. Maybe if we can find one on sale.



Loid: To be a master spy,



Loid: one must act normal and never draw attention to themselves.



Loid: We must do everything we can to look like an ordinary family.



Anya: Papa! Save me!



Loid: Must you draw attention to yourself?



Old Lady: Now, now. You need to make sure you hold the little one's hand.



Old Lady: Here.



Loid: Having one hand tied up will make it difficult to prepare for an enemy ambush,



Loid: but no matter.



Anya: An enemy?!



Loid: What are you doing?



Anya: Hiding!



Loid: Did I do anything to make her want to hide from me?



Loid: Perhaps I held her hand too early. Does she hate me?



Loid: This isn't good.



Loid: I need to maintain a good relationship with her until the end of this mission.



Loid: I must know more about this creature.



Loid: It's basic diplomacy. Understanding the other party is the first step toward peace.



Anya: Understanding me will lead to world peace?!



Anya: I like peanuts.



Anya: And I don't like carrots.



Loid: Uh-huh...



Anya: But I really like crispy bacon from bakenries!



Loid: That's a "bakery." They do not sell bacon.



Anya: I'd like this, please.



Loid: That costs one dalc. You can't buy it with a ten-pent coin.



Loid: Is this girl actually stupid?



Loid: Was the crossword puzzle a fluke?



Loid: Maybe I can still go back and get another child—



Anya: Pwease don't get rid of me!



Loid: What's gotten into you?!



Passerby: What a terrible parent.



Anya: Pwease! I'm a good bargain!



Loid: What do I do?



Loid: I'll buy you some peanuts! Just stop crying!



Anya: Peanuts!



Anya: Papa, I'm tired.



Anya: Can't walk anymore...



Loid: What?



Loid: This isn't working... I just don't understand



Loid: this irrational behavior.



Loid: I need some manuals to help me understand it.



Loid: "The key to raising a child is trust."



Loid: "Rather than scolding them, try tounderstand things from their perspective."



Loid: "Children are not very good at putting how they're feeling into words,



sign___CHILDREARING,Sign: {\pos(,)}CHILDREARING



Loid: so try to understand them more."So no interrogating them, then?



sign___CHILDREARING,Sign: {\c&Hf&\fs\c&HA&\an}CHILDCARE



sign___CHILDREARING,Sign: {\an\bord}CHILDREARING



Loid: Do the parents of the world



Loid: normally carry out such difficult missions all the time?



Loid: "Nurture their self-esteem to give them a better future."



Loid: "By giving them the ability to think for themselves, their future..."



Loid: As soon as I'm done with this mission, I'm sending her back to the orphanage.



Loid: That's the extent of our relationship.



Anya: Don't wanna!



Anya: I don't wanna study!



Loid: I need to know how smart you are for this exam.



Anya: I don't need to study to do any tests.



Anya: If I just read other people's...



Anya: ...people's minds...



Loid: Are you planning on cheating? Listen.



Loid: If you don't get into this school...



Loid: ...my mission fails.



Loid: Fine, then.



Loid: I'm heading out.



Loid: You're not coming with me today.



Loid: No matter what.



Loid: You're staying home.



Loid: Hey!



Loid: I told you, you're not coming!



Loid: You there! Do you really think I don't see you?



Loid: There!



Loid: There!



Anya: Papa is so good at finding me.



Anya: It's so much fun!



Loid: Try and get out of that!



Franky: So that's why you're late?



Loid: In the end, I put up a barricade in front of the door and trapped her inside.



Franky: I'm praying that you don't get reported for child abuse.



Loid: Who knows what children are thinking?



Loid: Their method of always crying to get their way is truly annoying.



Franky: Hate to tell you this, Twilight, but crying is their job.



Franky: More importantly, here's what you asked for.



Franky: An application, ticket for the exam, and exam questions.



Franky: I went through hell getting these for you.



Loid: Thanks, Franky.



Loid: I think we can make things work if we have her memorize everything.



Franky: Oh, yeah. About your daughter...



Franky: I dug up some records on her past that the orphanage didn't have.



Franky: I couldn't find anything about her birth.



Franky: No info on her age or parents, either.



Franky: I could only find information from the last year,



Franky: but she's been adopted four times and returned each time.



Franky: She's also been to two other orphanages.



Loid: "Anya Williams, Anya Levski, Anya Roche"...



Franky: She changes names as much as you do.



Franky: You guys are perfect for each other.



Franky: Hey, I'm kidding. This is for your mission, right?



Franky: She may be a kid, but no good's gonna come out of getting too attached.



Loid: Thanks for the concern.



Franky: Hello? Where's my money?!



Franky: Damn it... Who knows what spies are thinking, either?



Anya: I'm so bored. Spies aren't like what I thought.



Anya: I just want to get the b*mb back.



Loid: I can't have her messing with my spy equipment, so I'll lock it up.



Loid: The code is , ...



Anya: ..., .



Anya: Bomby-bombs! Bomby-bombs!



Anya: Bomby-bombs! Bomby-bombs!



Anya: Ooh!



Anya: Secret messages!



Anya: Secrets, secrets...



Henchman A: Boss! We've intercepted a new message.



Edgar: Is it using the West's cipher?



Henchman A: No, it's just plain text.



Henchman A: It says... "Twilight here"...



Henchman A: Twilight here!



Henchman A: This is the frequency used by Western intelligence.



Henchman A: Oh, there's more. "Catch me if you can"...



Edgar: Hurry up and pinpoint where it's coming from!



Anya: Whew...



Loid: Now that you've found out I'm a spy, you'll have to disappear.



Anya: If he finds out I'm a telepath...



Anya: I'll have to leave.



flashback Researcher A: Anya, you mustn't tell anyone about your power.



Researcher B: It's time to study now, Anya.



Anya: But I wanna draw...



Researcher A: Don't bother with childish games.



Researcher A: We must use your power for the sake of world peace.



Researcher A: There's no time for tears, either.



Researcher A: Now, enough playing. Back to studying.



Loid: She'd better not have messed up the apartment.



Loid: Oh, right. I need to move this.



Loid: Who the hell are these guys?!



Loid: Anya!



Loid: Anya!



Loid: She's been kidnapped?



Loid: By whoever sent these thugs? But why?



Loid: I need to find her immediately. Calm down.



Loid: From the looks of it, I've been compromised.



Loid: I need to get to safety immediately.



Loid: As for Anya...



Loid: There are plenty of other children out there.



Loid: I'll start things over from square one and—



Edgar: So who the hell is this kid?



Edgar: Could she be Twilight's?



Henchman B: No idea. She was in the room where the message came from,



Henchman B: so we snatched her just in case.



Anya: Because of the transmission?



Henchman B: She was holed up inside the apartment with a barricade out front.



Edgar: Why out front?



Henchman B: Beats me.



Edgar: Well, no matter. We might be able to use her as a hostage



Edgar: in order to force Twilight to steal the toupee



Edgar: off of the foreign minister's head personally.



Henchman D: Boss, I think we should just give up on the toupee.



Edgar: Transparency is essential in government.



Edgar: Toupees are a no-go.



Anya: A p*stol with a sil*ncer...



Edgar: Also, the minister's a traitor who's been secretly backing the West.



Edgar: Anyone who advocates for a traitor is also a traitor.



Anya: A real bad guy...



Henchman G: Boss! Nguyen and his guys are back from the apartment!



Fake Nguyen: We captured him.



Edgar: Well done.



Fake Nguyen: Those weren't the moves of an amateur. He's the real deal.



Henchman E: Go rest over there.



Edgar: Now then, Twilight...



Edgar: Let's have you return the photographs you stole from me.



Edgar: Nguyen!



Henchman E: What's going on?! He was just—



Henchman C: The kid's gone!



Edgar: He got me again!



Loid: This was a mistake.



Loid: I risked everything by waltzing right into enemy territory.



Loid: I'm a failure as a spy.



Anya: Papa...



Anya: Pabwaaaaaah!



Fake Nguyen: Look, you're okay. I won't do anything.



Fake Nguyen: You don't have to be scared.



Anya: Pabwaaaaaah!



Loid: This is exactly why kids suck.



Loid: I see.



Loid: I think I figured out why I hate the sound of kids crying so much.



Loid: Because I end up remembering my own childhood.



Loid: No one reached out their hand to save me.



Loid: I felt alone, in despair, and so powerless that all I could do was cry.



Loid: I thought I'd abandoned that past, but on a subconscious level,



Loid: she was reminding me of me.



Loid: No, actually...



Fake Nguyen: Listen up, little girl.



Anya: Anya.



Fake Nguyen: Listen up, Anya.



Fake Nguyen: Me and my friends are pro tag players.



Fake Nguyen: Whenever we spot someone with potential, we immediately challenge them to a game.



Anya: Oh.



Anya: Papa is a liar.



Fake Nguyen: Now, listen.



Fake Nguyen: If you go straight down this street and turn right,



Fake Nguyen: you'll find a police station.



Fake Nguyen: If you can get this to a police officer, you win the game.



Fake Nguyen: Got it?



Loid: If you show them this, they'll put you in a better orphanage.



Loid: I'm not going to involve a kid in this mission.



Loid: I'll figure something out and rework the plan.



Anya: Pa—



Loid: All right, go! Hurry!



Loid: I'm a failure as a spy? No.



Loid: My mistake was putting that little girl in danger to begin with.



Loid: How could I forget?



Loid: To create a world where children won't have to cry...



Loid: That's why I became a spy.



Henchman B: Don't let that b*stard get away!



Henchman E: We're gonna drag him out here and expose his face to—



Henchman B: A trap? When did he—



Henchman E: What is this? Flour?



Henchman C: T-Twilight?!



Henchman B: Don't shoot! This whole place will blow!



Edgar: Wha—



Edgar: You've gotta be sh1tting me.



Loid: Turn around, and I'll k*ll you.



Edgar: Twilight...



Loid: Good day, or perhaps, good evening, Edgar.



Loid: How's Karen doing?



Edgar: How do you know my daughter's name?



Loid: Of course I know. That's what spies do.



Loid: I know her height, weight, shoe size,



Loid: her favorite foods, even how many moles are on her body.



Loid: Though it's nothing compared to your record, I know of her criminal activity, too.



Edgar: Absurd! My daughter would never—



Loid: Edgar.



Loid: I also know how much you care about your daughter.



Loid: So listen carefully.



Loid: If you wish for her to have any semblance of a normal life,



Loid: you'll leave me the hell alone.



Loid: If you understand, go home right now.



Loid: Anya!



Anya: Papa!



Anya: Papa!



Loid: What are you—I mean,



Loid: what are you doing outside the house?



Loid: I, uh, just happened to come here to shop,



Loid: but I guess they went out of business.



Anya: Papa is a huge liar.



Anya: I was playing tag with some old guys.



Loid: Oh, I see. Did you have fun?



Anya: It was a little scary.



Anya: I wanna go home.



Anya: To our home, Papa.



Loid: Are you sure?



Anya: If you leave me behind, I'm going to cry.



flashback Franky: She's been adopted four times and returned each time.



Loid: Anya Williams... Anya Levski...



Loid: Anya Roche.



Loid: I see.



Loid: Well, let's go home, then.



Loid: But that apartment is far too dangerous, so let's move.



Loid: I spotted a poisonous snake there yesterday.



Anya: I don't like snakes.



Anya: Papa is a huge liar...



Anya: But he's such a cool liar.



Anya: I wanna live in a castle.



Loid: We'll see if one's listed.



Loid: Once we get to our new home, you've got to study.



Anya: Gwak!



Loid: This time, you just have to memorize all the answers.



Loid: It'll be easy.



Invigilator: All right, begin!



Loid: I'm counting on you, Anya.



Loid: You can do it.



Child B: This is so hard!



Child C: I don't know any of these answers!



Child D: Um... eeny, meeny, miny, moe...



Child E: Mommy...



Loid: K-...



Loid: K-...



Loid: It's there! You passed!



Loid: You did it!



Anya: Did I do a good job?



Loid: You bet you did!



Loid: You—



Anya: Papa!



Loid: I relaxed for a second and all my pent-up exhaustion hit me at once.



Anya: Papa! Don't leave me!



Loid: I... relaxed?



Anya: Papa! You're going to make me cry!



Anya: I promise to be a good girl!Just come back to me!



Loid: What the hell is going on with me?



Anya: Papa died.



Mailman: I've got some mail for you!



Mailman: Is this the Forger residence?



Anya: I'm Anya Forger.



Mailman: Could you give this to your mommy or daddy?



Anya: My mama doesn't exist.



Mailman: Oh, really? I'm sorry...



Anya: Papa! The mailman came.



Loid: What do you think you're doing?! Are you trying to k*ll me?!



Loid: I actually fell asleep in front of someone.



Loid: Unacceptable. I need to get a grip.



Anya: Mail!



Loid: It's a letter from Eden College.



Anya: What's the matter, Papa?



Loid: "The second phase of the admission process is a family interview."



Loid: "It is mandatory that the applicant attend with both parents."



Loid: "Absolutely no exceptions."



Anya: But Mama doesn't exist.



SECURE A WIFE